Mslm SDK (#2)
mslmio/sdk-python: README.md

Reviewer: Please fix the README

# Mslm Python SDK

The official Python SDK for the Mslm APIs.

## Installation

```bash
pip install mslm
```

## Usage

```python
from mslm import Mslm

> from otp.otp_req import OtpReq

Reviewer: We shouldn't have to import from a root `otp` package for this. This could easily lead to name conflicts with other packages with such root names. Rather it can be nested.

We also need to think about how this links to `pip install` and being able to install individual packages only instead of the whole thing by force, e.g. `pip install mslm` for the whole thing, but `pip install mslm-otp` for OTP an `pip install mslm-email-verify` for email verify, etc.

m = Mslm("api_key")

# Email Verify
ev_resp = m.email_verify.single_verify("support@mslm.io")
print(ev_resp)
# SingleVerifyResp{
#   email='support@mslm.io',
#   username='support', 
#   domain='mslm.io', 
#   malformed=False, 
#   suggestion='', 
#   status='real',
#   has_mailbox=True, 
#   accept_all=False, 
#   disposable=False, 
#   free=True, 
#   role=False, 
#   mx=[
#   {'host': 'ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.COM.', 'pref': 1}, 
#   {'host': 'ALT1.ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.COM.', 'pref': 5}, 
#   ...
#   ]}

# Otp
otp_req = OtpReq(
    phone="+923214444444",
    tmpl_sms="Your verification code is {token}",
    token_len=6,
    expire_seconds=300
)

otp_resp = m.otp.send_otp(otp_req)
print(otp_resp) #OtpResp{code='1000', message='Successfully sent SMS.'}
```

## About Mslm

> mslm focuses on producing world-class business solutions. It’s the

Reviewer: Capital M

get an API key before continuing.

## Installation

> To install the main library, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the main library, use the following command:

```

```bash
pip install mslm
```

> or
> Install `mslm-email-verify` and `mslm-otp` separately.
> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Or install specific packages like `mslm-email-verify` and `mslm-otp` separately:

```bash
```
